For starters, let's try finding the lane lines using color.
The lane lines are white,
so how do we select the white pixels in an image?
To select a color,
we first need to think about what color actually means in the case of digital images.
In this case, it means that our image is actually made up of a stack of three images,
one each for red, green and blue.
These images are sometimes called color channels.
Each of these color channels contains pixels whose values range from zero to 255,
where zero was the darkest possible value and 255 is the brightest possible value.
If zero is dark and 255 is bright,
what color would represent pure white in our combined red,
green and blue image?